- [Instructor] This module is going to talk about
exception handling in the Spring MVC Framework.
Now, before looking at that, let's just go through
a few special bean types.
Some of them we've already known before,
and some of them are new.
The first one is HandlerMapping.
We have seen this as a part of
the Spring MVC architecture before.
This is used to map the incoming request
to a specific handler, which is a controller.
It may also include pre- and post-processing components
like filters, or they are called interceptors in Spring MVC.
Now we haven't looked at interceptors yet,
but we will at a later part in this course.
HandlerAdapter is supposed to help the DispatcherServlet
to invoke the handler, and this is regardless
of how the handler will be invoked.
For example, sometimes the handlers are resolved
by a annotations, sometimes by XML,
so all of these details are
hidden from the DispatcherServlet,
and HandlerAdapter will just help DispatcerServlet
to invoke the handler.
Next is HandlerExceptionResolver.
Now this is a bean type which is supposed to manage
the strategy of exception handling for your application.
We are going to see this in a little further detail
in the upcoming videos.
ViewResolver, now this is also something
that we've seen before.
It helps us resolve views.
We have been working with JavaServer Pages,
but as I have already said before,
Spring MVC can help you integrate
with any other view technologies,
templating languages like Velocity, FreeMarker, et cetera.
And we have already used InternalResourceViewResolver
so that we configure the paths from which the JSP templates
are supposed to be picked up from.
Similarly, we can resolve views either by an XML file,
or even by the properties file.
We have a demo for this lined up in the next module.
LocaleResolver, now this one will help us with localization
and internationalization support.
L10n and i18n, and they have been written that way
because there are 10 letters between L and N,
and 18 letters between I and N in the words
localization and internationalization respectively.
So often you have this requirement
that you have to expose your website
in a number of different languages.
So LocaleResolver is going to come to your rescue,
help you pick up the locale according to the region,
and display internationalized views for your application.
If you recall, in our Validations Demo
we had already localized error messages
in validation messages to our properties file
so that they can be picked up from a central place
rather than duplicating it across JavaBeans.
That's localization, and internationalization
is of course the concept of
having different locales across different regions.
So LocaleResolver is there to help you.
Lastly, ThemeResolver.
Now today, when you have an application,
it could be displayed in a different look and feel.
For example, you have the dark mode
that is enabled across so many devices today.
It's a very common thing, and you will need to provide
support for that in your web application
at some point in time.
So if you want to stylize a different look and feel
for different clients, then you can use ThemeResolver.
So it will help you resolve your themes
and provide a different look and feel to your users.